​​​ ​C​e​r​e​s ​F​a​u​n​a ​- ​L​e​t ​M​e ​S​t​a​y ​H​e​re​ ​​
​​​ ​L​y​r​i​c​s​: ​k​i​d​l​it​ ​​
​​​ ​C​o​m​p​o​s​i​t​i​o​n​/​A​r​r​a​n​g​e​m​e​n​t​: ​S​h​i​b​a​y​an​ ​​
​​​ ​V​o​c​a​l​s​: ​C​e​r​e​s ​F​a​u​na​ ​​
​​​ ​rainbow in the sky, little blue birds​ ​​
​​​ ​Rainbow in the sky aoi kotoritachi​ ​​
​​​ ​come sing with me,​ ​​
​​ ​and dance in a circle​ ​​
​​​ ​oide utaou waninari odorou​ ​​
​​​ ​dozing off in the evergreen trees​ ​​
​​​ ​In the evergreen trees yumeutsutsu de​ ​​
​​​ ​enchanted with love​ ​​
​​​ ​koisuru mahou ni kakerareta​ ​​
​​​ ​taking an afternoon nap,​ ​​
​​ ​fairies buzzing in the wind​ ​​
​​​ ​kaze ni sazameku yousei gogo wa oyasumi​ ​​
​​​ ​riding a unicorn​ ​​
​​​ ​yunikoon no senaka de​ ​​
​​​ ​high up in a castle tower -​ ​​
​​ ​this bubble is for you​ ​​
​​​ ​takai oshiro no tou kara​ ​​
​​ ​shabondama uketotte ne​ ​​
​​​ ​my prince!​ ​​
​​​ ​oujisama!​ ​​
​​​ ​it's just a fairy tale​ ​​
​​​ ​It's just a fairy tale​ ​​
​​​ ​so it'll melt away like a lollipop​ ​​
​​​ ​So it'll melt away like a lollipop​ ​​
​​​ ​riding a flying whale​ ​​
​​​ ​Riding a flying whale​ ​​
​​​ ​wondering when I’ll wake up​ ​​
​​​ ​Wondering when I'll wake up​ ​​
​​​ ​hey, please, let me stay here​ ​​
​​​ ​onegai, nee, let me stay here...​ ​​
​​​ ​L​o​g​o​: ​S​p​i​r​i​t​s​n​a​re​ ​​
​​​ ​I​l​l​u​s​t​r​a​t​o​r​: ​a​20​ ​​
​​​ ​M​u​s​i​c ​V​i​d​e​o​: ​a​wa​ ​​
​​​ ​ring-a-ring o'roses, fa-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​Ring-a-ring o'roses, fa-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​round and round, fa-la-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​Round and round, fa-la-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​flying up and down, fa-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​Flying up and down, fa-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​I wanna stay here forever​ ​​
​​​ ​ring-a-ring o'roses, fa-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​Ring-a-ring o'roses, fa-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​round and round, fa-la-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​Round and round, fa-la-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​flying up and down, fa-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​Flying up and down, fa-la-la​ ​​
​​​ ​come to me​ ​​
​​​ ​koko ni kite​ ​​
​​​ ​the bell tower rings,​ ​​
​​ ​a shy kiss with my prince​ ​​
​​​ ​tokei no kane oujisama to hanikande kisu​ ​​
​​​ ​and we live happily ever after​ ​​
​​​ ​futari wa itsumade datte shiawase ni kurasu no​ ​​
​​​ ​but it was just my dream​ ​​
​​​ ​But it was just my dream​ ​​
​​​ ​the golden sunlight shows it’s time to wake up​ ​​
​​​ ​The golden sunlight shows​ ​​
​​ ​it's time to wake up​ ​​
​​​ ​waiting quietly, shutting my eyes and I say​ ​​
​​​ ​Waiting quietly,​ ​​
​​ ​shutting my eyes and I say​ ​​
​​​ ​please, let me stay here some more​ ​​
​​​ ​onegai, motto, let me stay here...​ ​​